Document missing AudioWorkletGlobalScope.* pages (#25293)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/audioworkletglobalscope/currentframe/index.md

---
title: AudioWorkletGlobalScope.currentFrame
slug: Web/API/AudioWorkletGlobalScope/currentFrame
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.AudioWorkletGlobalScope.currentFrame
---

{{APIRef("Web Audio API")}}

The read-only **`currentFrame`** property of the {{domxref("AudioWorkletGlobalScope")}} interface returns an integer that represents the ever-increasing current sample-frame of the audio block being processed. It is incremented by 128 (the size of a render quantum) after the processing of each audio block.

## Value

An integer number.

## Examples

> The {{domxref("AudioWorkletProcessor")}} has accesses to the specific {{domxref("AudioWorkletGlobalScope")}} properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{domxref("AudioWorkletProcessor")}} has access to the specific {{domxref("AudioWorkletGlobalScope")}} properties:
```

```js
// AudioWorkletProcessor defined in : test-processor.js
class TestProcessor extends AudioWorkletProcessor {
  constructor() {
    super();

    // Logs the current sample-frame and time at the moment of instantiation.
    // They are accessible from the AudioWorkletGlobalScope.
    console.log(currentFrame);
    console.log(currentTime);
  }

  // The process method is required - output silence,
  // which the outputs are already filled with.
  process(inputs, outputs, parameters) {
    return true;
  }
}

// Logs the sample rate, that is not going to change ever,
// because it's a read-only property of a BaseAudioContext
// and is set only during its instantiation.
console.log(sampleRate);

// You can declare any variables and use them in your processors
// for example it may be an ArrayBuffer with a wavetable.
const usefulVariable = 42;
console.log(usefulVariable);

registerProcessor("test-processor", TestProcessor);
```

> The main script load the processor, create an instance of {{domxref("AudioWorkletNode")}}, passing the name of the processor to it, and connect the node to an audio graph. We should see the output of {{domxref("console.log()")}} calls in the console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main script loads the processor, creates an instance of {{domxref("AudioWorkletNode")}}, passes the name of the processor to it, and connects the node to an audio graph. We should see the output of {{domxref("console.log()")}} calls in the console:
```
